Release 3.9.0 (#6537)
apollographql/apollo-server: docs/source/api/apollo-server.mdx

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

##### `cache`

> `KeyValueCache | "bounded"`

Reviewer: `KeyValueCache` or `String` ("bounded")I believe this would need to be

```
`KeyValueCache` or `String` ("bounded")
```
to match the established table styling.

Reviewer 2: I think the original is better. It really is only the string "bounded".

</td>
<td>

> A `KeyValueCache` which Apollo Server uses for a number of features like APQs and full response caching. This cache is also provided to DataSources and plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `KeyValueCache` which Apollo Server uses for several features, including APQs and full response caching. This cache is also available to Apollo Server's data sources and plugins.
```

> By default, the cache is unbounded. We don't recommend this, since a malicious client can run your server out of memory and cause it to crash by filling it with APQs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the cache that Apollo Server 3 uses is unbounded. We _strongly recommend_ that all users pass `cache: "bounded"` or configure their cache in a manner that isn't unbounded. This protects your server from attacks that exhaust available memory, causing a DOS.
```

> If you don't want to configure your own cache, you should set `cache: "bounded"`. The bounded cache is an [`InMemoryLRUCache`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@apollo/utils.keyvaluecache) with a default size of roughly 30MiB.

Reviewer: Removing the first sentence because we now address this above:
```suggestion
The default bounded cache is an [`InMemoryLRUCache`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@apollo/utils.keyvaluecache) with a default size of roughly 30MiB.
```

Reviewer 2: I agree that the duplication doesn't help but I think we should merge it with the previous paragraph and write something like "This bounded cache".  Otherwise it's too easy to misread this as describing the default if you specify nothing. It's not a default, it's what `"bounded"` does.
